hey guys what's going on look I'm
getting asked a lot what my pre bed
supplementation regime looks like so I
thought shoot this quick video Electra
look at it and check out what it's all
about so I spin you around here look the
time is what do we got on there 12 9 10
in the am so look I like to get to sleep
usually around 12 30 looks like it's
going to be around one o'clock in the
morning tonight so this is about the
time that I start taking my pre bed
supplements and that's what we look like
so over here we got ourselves some beast
super testers my second server super
testament of super test cycle at the
moment is going real well so I take
super test which I will take first then
I move on straight away immediately
after super test I take myself my
amazingly fantastic delicious raspberry
smoothie God's down a one hundred
percent case in which I absolutely love
this stuff tastes freakin amazing this
stuff tastes like absolute crap the
taste of this out does that outweighs
the crap taste of that do not mix them
together I did that last night that was
the worst mistake I've made in a long
long time so take them separate super
test first casing second then I've got
myself some fish oil there so I take
fish oil twice a day first thing in the
morning and last thing at night I take
muscle pharm fish oil extra potent means
I only need to take two of these soft
gels and I don't get any disgusting fish
or reflux at all now a lot of you are
asking where the hell does resurrect
p.m. you know I pushed that product i'm
a big fan of that product it's missing
it would usually sit right here and i
would take that about half an hour in
about half an hour's time about 15
minutes before i go to bed why it's not
here at the moment is because wednesdays
i'm shooting this on wednesday
Wednesday's is a non training day for me
so it's a rest day I don't take
resurrect p.m. on rest days I only take
it on training days I trained five time
five days a week so I can get my five
days on two days off resurrect p.m.
cycle guys I am exhausted I'm going to
get my super test into me and my casing
into me get those fish rolls in and get
myself to sleep that is what my pre bed
supplementation regime looks like and
you know where we're coming from we're
coming to you from massive Jose calm